Oh Stacey this is so much fun I can't
believe I'm trusting its father wrote to
try this around open ocean on jet ski
but Jiro hey we're from my Barbie Barbie
is so mean
you asked me if she went so crazy
wait what yeah yeah this is fun
oh my goodness I just don't like to be
loved to walk on her because you never
know when people missing is hiding under
there waiting to eat you up
ha ha ha Oh little Alex don't talk about
that sharks are serious business
sar for real sharp ferny oh no my Merman
senses are tingling I sense some weak
people in need I must go save them
because I'm the power of the ocean Oh
oh-ho-ho come here Sharky you do not
watch me these people they do not taste
very good fish tastes much better sing
with me
I serenade my Sharky oh here we go give
you a cuddle and to go back to give me
some see me now I come just save the
fair maidens here we go come with me
miss Elsa you do not belong in the water
all right time to save another fair
maiden oh here we go I'll see you Stacy
out of the water we go all right - now
you better save the other two poodles
now please save me I can't swim hello
and finally to save little Alex come on
now I'll save you from the evil shock
waters all right you beautiful fair
maidens are safe and sound and so is
little Alex and now you land dwellers
are good to go and I will take you away
to the beach
the fish sneeze or something the toy
featured in this video is this really
cool Barbies sisters wave ride jetski
this jetski is huge it can fit Barbie
and her three sister skipper Stacie and
Chelsea this sisters wave ride boat
comes with just Stacie and it has this
cool little rope attached to the
floating in the back and then three
seats for the dolls and the handlebars
move to a chest so that you can fit the
dolls hands inside so she doesn't fall
off when they're swimming around in the
water
see she can ride on the jet ski right
here or she can ride in the little
floaties behind the jetski which is
super fun
she's a really cute tall she's got a
nice little wetsuit on and a lifejacket
built into this swimsuit plus she has
these cool little like crocs water shoes
well I hope you all enjoyed this video
if you did and you want to see more fun
pool videos like this one then please
give us a like and subscribe to the
Disney cartoys Channel in the comments
let us know if you think Merida will
ever be saved click on a picture to
watch another fun toy video and click on
the question mark to watch a mystery
video thanks for watching and have a
great day